# Jobly

Our group aims to build an app that that has all the functionality of a common job search engine but is also comfortable and fun to use, a bit more casual than your average search based approach(eg. Indeed, monster). As we know, the job search scene could be a bit overwhelming for young people; especially to get them introduced to the job culture on top of the evident brutality of the job market. Our focus is to use the existing model of these engines and integrate them with a dating app like model to make the whole job searching experience a bit more convenient, in a not so perfect world it is way easier to build a profile than to write up resumes and individual CVs for companies. 

Our application will be called “Jobly”, bit on the tongue but we think it works. In this project we aim to conquer a couple main epics, as mentioned before a suitable swipe based UI using React. Following it up with a varied and wide selection of employers, using API(s) for web scraping the existing job search applications and an option for new employers to sign up and last but not the least an option to put up filters to help the job seeker as much as possible. if the time permits we would like to integrate the application with an machine learning algorithm(AWS) to learn the swipe patterns of the person seeking job in order to match them with their dream jobs. 

To state some of the stories we want people to be able to sign up with ease and the application will help them build an appropriate profile to show off their skills. Moreover, users will find a brief introduction to the company as well as the position while viewing the listing and for more information they will be redirected to the original post. Furthermore, people will be able to sign up for notifications and customer service, but in controlled manner we do not want to spam them. In the end we want to create an enjoyable experience for our users and help them find a job. 
